cleanup old information in the README.rst file (#1955)
saltstack/salt-bootstrap: README.rst

The examples below show how to bootstrap Salt directly from GitHub or another Git repository.
Run the script without any parameters to get latest stable Salt packages for your system from

> the `SaltProject's corporate repository`_. See first example in the `Install using wget`_ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Salt Project's corporate repository`_. See first example in the `Install using wget`_ section.
```

Install using curl
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you want to install a package of a specific release version, from the SaltProject repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install a package of a specific release version, from the Salt Project repo:
```

  curl -o bootstrap-salt.sh -L https://bootstrap.saltproject.io
  sudo sh bootstrap-salt.sh -M -N git master

> If your host has Internet access only via HTTP proxy, from the SaltProject repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your host has Internet access only via HTTP proxy, from the Salt Project repo:
```

  wget -O bootstrap-salt.sh https://bootstrap.saltproject.io
  sudo sh bootstrap-salt.sh git v3004.1

> Installing a specific version package from the SaltProject repo using ``wget``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing a specific version package from the Salt Project repo using ``wget``:
```

  wget -O - https://bootstrap.saltproject.io | sudo sh

> Installing a target version package of Salt from the SaltProject repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing a target version package of Salt from the Salt Project repo:
```

listed below, but is not listed on the official supported operating systems document, the level of
support is "best-effort".

> Since Salt is written in Python, the packages available from the `SaltProject's corporate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Salt is written in Python, the packages available from the `Salt Project's corporate
```

CPU architecture independent and could be installed on any hardware supported by Linux kernel.
However, the Salt Project does package Salt's binary dependencies only for ``x86_64`` (``amd64``)

> and ``AArch32`` (``armhf``). The latter is available only for Debian/Raspbian 8 platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``AArch64`` (``arm64``).
```

********************************************

This script provides best-effort support for current, non-LTS Ubuntu releases. If package

> repositories are not provided on the `SaltProject's Ubuntu repository`_ for the non-LTS release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repositories are not provided on the `Salt Project's Ubuntu repository`_ for the non-LTS release,
```

the bootstrap script will attempt to install the packages for the most closely related LTS Ubuntu
release instead.

For example, when installing Salt on Ubuntu 21.10, the bootstrap script will setup the repository

> for Ubuntu 20.04 from the `SaltProject's Ubuntu repository`_ and install the 20.04 packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for Ubuntu 20.04 from the `Salt Project's Ubuntu repository`_ and install the 20.04 packages.
```
